This project is intended to be a sample of my front-end (HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap) skill as well as my back-end (Ruby on Rails) skills.  The original webpage was a project for the Web Development group at CoderGirl.  I added a form that saves information to a database and broke the static webpage into a more dynamic website using Rails.  I think this work reflects the things I have learned from April 2015 until December 2015.

Although my background is not in computer science or programming, I have developed a passion for the field.  As a young girl I never knew that science, math, and technology were options for women.  I was just not exposed to programming in any way.  I discovered that there were opportunities for women (and men) in the St. Louis area to learn how to code for free.  This gave me the perfect motivation to see what it was all about.  I took as many online classes as I could, I started working with a mentor, followed by regular attendance at the weekly CoderGirl meetups.  I knew that programming was the career for me.  It has opened a whole new world of opportunities that I never knew were available.  

One of my lifelong passions is continued education as an adult.  I spend a lot of my free time taking online courses in various subjects, reading, and trying out new things.  Programming is an outlet to feed my need for knowledge.  You coulnd't possibly know everything in the field and there is always a wealth of new things to study.  My goal is to get an apprenticeship through LaunchCode to learn from and possibly get placed in a full-time position with a local tech company.  I am signed up to take STL cs50x in the spring to strengthen my overall understanding of computer science and programming.  I also plan to advance my Web Development education by continuing with my CoderGirl group learning Javascript.  

Coding brings together all of my skills from my past education and jobs as well as bringing out the best qualities of my personality. I'm very excited about my future in tech.  
